Perfect Coral Anteater

Medium

# The `Vault` contract in the Mellow protocol allows users to register withdrawal requests to an arbitrary address, potentially enabling malicious actors to disrupt the withdrawal process by registering withdrawals to blacklisted addresses.

## Summary
The `Vault` contract in the Mellow protocol allows users to register withdrawal requests to an arbitrary address, potentially enabling malicious actors to disrupt the withdrawal process by registering withdrawals to blacklisted addresses.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `registerWithdrawal` function in the `Vault` contract permits users to specify a `to` address, which is the recipient address for the withdrawal request. This opens up a potential attack vector where a malicious user can repeatedly register withdrawal requests to blacklisted addresses, causing subsequent withdrawal operations to revert when attempting to process these requests.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is considered medium. It has the potential to break core contract functionality by disrupting the withdrawal process. If operators are forced to process withdrawals individually to avoid blacklisted addresses, it could lead to delays and inefficiencies. In a worst-case scenario, users might be compelled to initiate emergency withdrawals, potentially resulting in the loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
The relevant code snippets are:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L434-L473

```solidity
function registerWithdrawal(
    address to,
    uint256 lpAmount,
    uint256[] memory minAmounts,
    uint256 deadline,
    uint256 requestDeadline,
    bool closePrevious
) external nonReentrant checkDeadline(deadline) checkDeadline(requestDeadline) {
    // ...
    WithdrawalRequest memory request = WithdrawalRequest({
        to: to, // Arbitrary 'to' address
        // ...
    });
    // ...
}
```

```solidity
function pendingWithdrawers(
    uint256 limit,
    uint256 offset
) external view returns (address[] memory result) {
    // ...
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < count; i++) {
        result[i] = withdrawers_.at(offset + i);
    }
    return result;
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, the `Vault` contract should implement a mechanism to validate the `to` address in the `registerWithdrawal` function. This could involve maintaining a list of approved or blacklisted addresses and checking the `to` address against this list before allowing the withdrawal request to be registered. or to check by a call to `usdc` contract

Additionally, the `processWithdrawals` function should be modified to skip or handle withdrawal requests to blacklisted addresses gracefully, without reverting the entire operation.