Perfect Coral Anteater

High

# the `vault` is actually not compatible with low decimal tokens like `USDC` and `USDT`

## Summary
The `Vault` contract in the codebase fails to handle tokens with different decimal places correctly, leading to inaccuracies in deposit and withdrawal calculations. This issue arises due to the assumption that all tokens have the same number of decimals.

## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause of this vulnerability lies in the deposit function of the Vault contract. The function calculates the `depositValue` by multiplying the deposited token `amount` (amount) with the corresponding `priceX96` value obtained from the ChainlinkOracle contract. However, the `priceX96` function in the `ChainlinkOracle` contract does not account for the token's `decimal` places, leading to incorrect scaling of the prices for tokens with different decimals.

Specifically, the `priceX96` function fetches the token and base token prices from the `getPrice` function, which calls `latestRoundData` to retrieve the prices from the Chainlink oracles. it doesn't consider the fact that the prices of low decimal tokens need to be scaled for the vault's accounting.

As a result, the `depositValue` calculation in the `Vault` contract becomes inaccurate for tokens with different decimal places. This leads to an incorrect number of LP tokens being issued to users, disproportionate to the actual value they provided.

## Impact
High - wrong valuation of tokens corresponding to values provided

- Incorrect deposit values: Users will receive an incorrect number of LP tokens that do not accurately represent the value they provided.
- Unfair distribution of LP tokens: Users depositing tokens with lower decimals may receive fewer LP tokens than users depositing tokens with higher decimals, even if the actual values are the same.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L334-L336

```solidity
            actualAmounts[i] = amount;
            depositValue += FullMath.mulDiv(amount, priceX96, Q96);
        }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L80-L99

```solidity
    function priceX96(
        address vault,
        address token
    ) external view returns (uint256 priceX96_) {
        if (vault == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        if (token == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        address baseToken = baseTokens[vault];
        if (baseToken == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        if (token == baseToken) return Q96;
        (uint256 tokenPrice, uint8 decimals) = getPrice(vault, token);
        (uint256 baseTokenPrice, uint8 baseDecimals) = getPrice(
            vault,
            baseToken
        );
        priceX96_ = FullMath.mulDiv(
            tokenPrice * 10 ** baseDecimals,
            Q96,
            baseTokenPrice * 10 ** decimals
        );
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, the `Vault` contract should be modified to handle tokens with different decimal places correctly. One approach could be to introduce a scaling factor for each token based on the difference between its decimals and the required decimal places. This scaling factor would be applied either when calculating deposit and withdrawal values 

Alternatively, the `priceX96` function in the `ChainlinkOracle` contract could be modified to account for the token's decimal places and scale the prices accordingly before returning them to the Vault contract.
