Beautiful Teal Kookaburra

Medium

# `emergencyWithdraw` does not charging withdrawal fee like `process withdrawal`

## Summary
Even though, withdrawals can still be processed by the admin/operator with fees, the user can take advantage of instances where if tokens are available in the contract, he will call emergency withdraw his stake without paying fees.

`emergencyWithdraw` checks if the registered withdrawal's timestamp  and current emergency call had enough delay in L432. And it also checks the deadline of withdrawal in that request, if the current time is > that deadline in L426, then withdrawal is cancelled.
Mostly the deadline for a request will be < 7 hours or whatever the operator's frequency of processing withdrawals. And by above checks, we can compute that the emergency withdrawal can only be performed between the delay ending period and deadline request. If the delay is 3 hours and deadline is 7 hours, then hour 3 to hour 7 will be allowed for emergency withdrawal.

In these periods, the withdrawal can be done without fees on some cases mentioned below.

## Vulnerability Detail
The instances where vault will have enough tokens to cover the Lp value are,
1. bond modules, will check if TVL limit is reached in the bonds, if the limit is reached, then the deposited amount will stay in the vault and will not be transfered to bonds via deposit callback.
2. when new vaults launched with DVT strategy/others, where deposited underlying tokens are still not moved to external strategies.

In these cases, the withdrawer will just get away without paying withdrawal fees by calling `emergencyWithdraw` directly.

https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/Vault.sol#L364-L409

```solidity
2024-06-mellow/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol

413:     function emergencyWithdraw
... SNIP ...
421:     {
425:         WithdrawalRequest memory request = _withdrawalRequest[sender];
426:         if (timestamp > request.deadline) {
427:  >>>        _cancelWithdrawalRequest(sender);
428:             return actualAmounts;
429:         }
430: 
431:         if (
432:  >>>        request.timestamp + configurator.emergencyWithdrawalDelay() >
433:             timestamp
434:         ) revert InvalidState();

439:         uint256 totalSupply = totalSupply();
440:         (address[] memory tokens, uint256[] memory amounts) = baseTvl();
441:         if (minAmounts.length != tokens.length) revert InvalidLength();
442:         actualAmounts = new uint256[](tokens.length);
443:         for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
444:             if (amounts[i] == 0) {
... SNIP ...
451:                 IERC20(tokens[i]).balanceOf(address(this)), 
452:                 request.lpAmount,
453:                 totalSupply
... SNIP ...
458:         }
459:         delete _withdrawalRequest[sender];
460:         _pendingWithdrawers.remove(sender);
461:         _burn(address(this), request.lpAmount);
464:     }

```

## Impact
Loss of withdrawal fees. Impact is medium due to 0 fee charge, but will increase proportionally to decrease in emergency delay, because user can just deposit and wait some time and withdraw, which will reach the maximal total supply limit and might DOS the honest longterm stakers.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/Vault.sol#L364-L409

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Charge the value fees, just like process withdrawal action.