Spicy Fossilized Huskie

High

# LP Token amounts may be miscalculated due to `DepositWrapper:: deposit()` not handling stETH 1-2 wei corner case

## Summary

As seen in the Lido official docs [here](https://docs.lido.fi/guides/lido-tokens-integration-guide/#1-2-wei-corner-case), there is a very common edge case where sending steth (staked ETH) often results in 1-2 wei being left in the sender account during a transaction.  This means that the true [amount](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/utils/DepositWrapper.sol/?plain=1#L56) sent is slightly smaller than what is given as an [argument](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/utils/DepositWrapper.sol/?plain=1#L45) in `deposit`.  While the `DepositWrapper:: deposit()` attempts to handle any leftover wsteth by making sure that any remaining amount of wsteth in the contract is sent back to the sender, the main vulnerability lies in the way `amount` is calculated in `DepositWrapper::deposit()`.  

## Vulnerability Detail


```solidity
    function deposit(
        address to,
        address token,
        uint256 amount,
        uint256 minLpAmount,
        uint256 deadline
    ) external payable returns (uint256 lpAmount) {
       
        address wrapper = address(this);
        address sender = msg.sender;
        address[] memory tokens = vault.underlyingTokens();
        if (tokens.length != 1 || tokens[0] != wsteth)
            revert InvalidTokenList();
        if (amount == 0) revert InvalidAmount();
if (token == steth) {
            IERC20(steth).safeTransferFrom(sender, wrapper, amount);
            amount = _stethToWsteth(amount);
```

As can be seen in the code above, `amount` is being converted to wsteth after the transfer takes place, and is later being used for the vault deposit/LP token calculation.  The issue with this is that in the likely 1-2 wei remainder case, the true amount being transferred is slightly smaller than what the argument `amount` equals.  For example, if 1 eth is the amount to be deposited using `DepositWrapper`, `amount` will equal 1 eth.  However, the true transfer amount is actually slightly less (.99e18 or a little less).  As a result, the LP token amount will be calculated based on a 1 eth deposit, when in reality it is slightly less than 1 eth.  This causes the user to receive LP tokens for 1 eth worth of deposit, while getting to keep their 1-2 wei that was "lost."

This shows how it is not only a vulnerability, but could be exploited by a user as a way to receive more LP Tokens than deserved, while still keeping the difference amount

## Impact

Miscalculation of deposit token amount will inflate amount of LP tokens given to users who deposit stETH

## Code Snippet

(https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/utils/DepositWrapper.sol/?plain=1#L42)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Since the initial balance of the wrapper will always be 0, something like the code below can give a more accurate calculation for the amount

```solidity

if (token == steth) {
            IERC20(steth).safeTransferFrom(sender, wrapper, amount);
            amount = _stethToWsteth(IERC20(steth).balanceOf(wrapper));
```

As we can see, this calculates amount transferred using the balance of wrapper.  This means even if 1-2 wei less is transferred due to this edge case, the LP token amount will be calculated using the exact and correct amount, further mitigating any potential exploitations or risks.

Alternatively, Lido's `transferShares` can be used to calculate amount more accurately.