Mysterious Hemp Puma

Medium

# Precision loss when exchanging eth to stEth will cause loss of funds and temporairly dos

## Summary
The protocol accepts deposits in `WETH`, `ETH` or `stEth` and converts them to `wStETH` which is then deposited in the vault. the conversion happens in the `DepositWrapper` contract. 

## Vulnerability Detail
If the input token is `ETH` or `WETH` it is first converted to `stETH` and then wrapped to `wStETH`

```javascript
    function _ethToWsteth(uint256 amount) private returns (uint256) {
        ISteth(steth).submit{value: amount}(address(0));
        return _stethToWsteth(amount);
    }

    function _stethToWsteth(uint256 amount) private returns (uint256) {
        IERC20(steth).safeIncreaseAllowance(wsteth, amount);
        IWSteth(wsteth).wrap(amount);
        return IERC20(wsteth).balanceOf(address(this));
    }
```

As seen in the code snippet above `amount` is passed to the stEth contract and then the same amount is passed to the `_stethToWsteth` function where it is wrapped to wsteth. 
The problem with this is that when eth is deposited in the stETH contract it does NOT mint the exact amount deposited. The stETH contract is actually a vault and the balance of users is determined by the amount of shares they hold.

This can be seen in the Lido StETH contract
https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-dao/blob/5fcedc6e9a9f3ec154e69cff47c2b9e25503a78a/contracts/0.4.24/StETH.sol#L166
```javascript
    function balanceOf(address _account) external view returns (uint256) {
        return getPooledEthByShares(_sharesOf(_account));
    }
```
and the stETH submit function:
https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-dao/blob/5fcedc6e9a9f3ec154e69cff47c2b9e25503a78a/contracts/0.4.24/Lido.sol#L922-L947

If you go to https://etherscan.io/token/0xae7ab96520de3a18e5e111b5eaab095312d7fe84#readProxyContract#F5 and call `getSharesByPooledEth` with 1e18 you get 854014277588547067 share, but getting the balance of those shares is less than 1e18. 

Basically a few wei is lost in the transfer due to calculations. This is also handled in the tests by subtracting a few wei from the expected result.

Having this in mind and also that the stETH:ETH ratio is not always 1:1 as can be seen from the above examples. 

This will cause a loss of funds over time or temporairly DoS due to fact that: If a user deposits 1 eth and gets minted less than 1 `stETH`, unless the contract has `stETH` to cover the difference the transaction would revert due to fact that the initial amount of eth is passed to wrap from `stETH` to `WstETH`. The problem stems from the fact that the protocol assumes an equivalent amount of `stETH` is minted for the `ETH` deposited, but it can be less or more.  

The precision loss is also handled in the tests by subtracting a few wei from the expected result. 

## Impact
Users would be unable to deposit `WETH` or `ETH` unless there is some `stETH` hold by the `DepositWrapper` contract. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/utils/DepositWrapper.sol#L30-L39

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of passing the eth amount to wrap to `wStETH` passing the amount of `StETH` the contract holds. This can be done by the following change:
```diff
    function _ethToWsteth(uint256 amount) private returns (uint256) {
-       ISteth(steth).submit{value: amount}(address(0));
+       uint256 sharesMinted = ISteth(steth).submit{value: amount}(address(0));
+       amount = ISteth(steth).getPooledEthByShares(sharesMinted);
-       return amount;
+       return _stethToWsteth(amount);
    }
```



