Uneven Mango Ferret

Medium

# Minimal Amount Attack Can Prevent Token Removal in removeToken Function

## Summary
The `removeToken` function in the smart contract is designed to remove a token from the list of underlying tokens. However, the current implementation allows an attacker or bot to prevent the removal of a token by maintaining a minimal non-zero balance. This can disrupt the administration and management of tokens within the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `removeToken` function checks whether the specified token has a non-zero balance before allowing its removal. If any amount, even minimal, is detected, the removal process is reverted. This creates a vulnerability where an attacker can prevent the removal of a token by ensuring it always has a minimal non-zero balance.

## Impact
An attacker can exploit this vulnerability to prevent the removal of tokens, hindering the contract's flexibility and administrative control. This can lead to:

Inability to manage the underlying tokens effectively.
Potential blockage of necessary contract upgrades or adjustments.
Administrative inefficiencies and increased operational complexity.
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L211

```solidity
 function removeToken(address token) external nonReentrant {
        _requireAdmin();
        if (!_isUnderlyingToken[token]) revert InvalidToken();
        (address[] memory tokens, uint256[] memory amounts) = underlyingTvl();
        uint256 index = tokens.length;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
            if (tokens[i] == token) {
                if (amounts[i] != 0) revert NonZeroValue();
                index = i;
                break;
            }
        }
        _isUnderlyingToken[token] = false;
        while (index + 1 < tokens.length) {
            _underlyingTokens[index] = tokens[index + 1];
            index++;
        }
        _underlyingTokens.pop();
        emit TokenRemoved(token);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this issue, consider implementing a mechanism that allows the admin to forcefully remove a token after taking appropriate actions or think to re-implement the remove mechanism