Silly Lava Manatee

High

# First depositor could receive 0 shares

## Summary

According to the protocol structure, the owner/admin would make a first deposit upon deployment to mint the first couple of shares, it is done to eliminate the risk of some kind of attacks. The first deposit will be made in wsETH token according to the deployment script.

Important! It will mint the share and make `totalSupply > 0` and it will make an `totalValue` for the wsETH > 0, however for the other tokens that could be deposited the `totalValue` would remain 0, it means that the first depositor in other token (apart from wsETH) would receive 0 shares.

## Vulnerability Detail

For example:

1. Upon deployment, the 5e18 wsETH is deposited. `totalSupply` = 5, `totalValue` of wsETH = 5e18
2. An ordinary user would like to deposit 100e6 USDC tokens in the Vault.sol.
    
    `underlyingTvl()` function retrieves 0 value of `totalAmounts` for the USDC token. It means that totalValue would result in 0 for the USDC deposit.
    
    ```solidity
     totalValue += totalAmounts[i] == 0 
          ? 0 //@audit 
          : FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(totalAmounts[i], priceX96, Q96); 
    
    ```
    
3. We move forward, into the `_processLpAmount`, where LP shares will be calculated. Since the totalSupply is > 0, we proceed to this calculation.
    
    ```solidity
    lpAmount = FullMath.mulDiv(depositValue, totalSupply, totalValue);
    //PoC
    = 100e6 * 5 / 0
    = 0
    ```
    

The only way to eliminate this kind of vulnerability if the user correctly set the minLpAmount. However, there is no check that `require(minLpAmount > 0, “zero value”)` . It increases the likelihood of the first depositor loose funds, since not so many users set the reasonable amount of minLpAmount, most of them simply pass 0 value for convenience. But since there will be different tokens, i think eventually some of the users will be trapped into this vulnerability.

## Impact
The user would loose the funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L360-L362
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L303-L305
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L338

## Tool used
Manual review

## Recommendation

Ensure that the balanceOf of the tokens deposit isn’t 0, or implement the special logic for the first time depositors for each token.