Uneven Mango Ferret

Medium

# Denial of Service(DOS) via Manipulation of Debt Tokens in `_calculateTvl` Function

## Summary
The `_calculateTvl` function in the smart contract calculates the total value locked (TVL) by considering both the amounts of tokens and their corresponding debt. However, the current implementation is vulnerable to a Denial of Service (DoS) attack. An attacker can exploit the system by manipulating the debt tokens, causing the function to revert and preventing the accurate calculation of TVL.

## Vulnerability Detail
The _calculateTvl function computes the TVL by summing up the amounts and negativeAmounts (debt tokens). If the negativeAmounts exceed the amounts, the function reverts with an InvalidState error. This can be exploited by an attacker who can artificially inflate the negativeAmounts to trigger the revert condition.

Consider the scenario where:

1.The contract uses the DefaultBondTvlModule with two bonds.
2.Both bonds have the same base token, but one is a debt bond, and the other is not.
3.If the debt token amount is 90 tokens and the non-debt token amount is 100 tokens, the function proceeds normally.
4.An attacker can send an additional 11 tokens to the debt bond, making the debt amount 101 tokens.
5.The condition amounts[i] < negativeAmounts[i] becomes 100 < 101, causing the function to revert.
This vulnerability can lead to a DoS attack, preventing the accurate calculation of TVL and disrupting the contract's functionality.

Impact
## Impact
An attacker can exploit this vulnerability to:

Cause the _calculateTvl function to revert.
Disrupt the calculation of TVL, leading to potential operational and financial inaccuracies.
Create a DoS scenario, preventing other functions reliant on TVL from executing correctly.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L106

```javascript
function _calculateTvl(
    address[] memory token,
    bool isUnderlying
) private view returns (uint256[] memory amounts) {
    amounts = new uint256[](tokens.length);
    uint256[] memory negativeAmounts = new uint256[](tokens.length);
    ITvlModule.Data[] memory tvl_ = _tvls();
    ITvlModule.Data memory data;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < tvl_.length; i++) {
        data = tvl_[i];
        (uint256 amount, address token) = isUnderlying
            ? (data.underlyingAmount, data.underlyingToken)
            : (data.amount, data.token);
        for (uint256 j = 0; j < tokens.length; j++) {
            if (token != tokens[j]) continue;
            (data.isDebt ? negativeAmounts : amounts)[j] += amount;
            break;
        }
    }
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
        if (amounts[i] < negativeAmounts[i]) revert InvalidState();
        amounts[i] -= negativeAmounts[i];
    }
}

```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
redesign the `_calculateTVL` function according to the protocol requirement by keeping the debt amount and amount. 