Curved Tiger Peacock

Medium

# stETH corner-case issue

## Summary
The stETH balance of an account could be lower of 1-2 wei because of rounding down. The rounding down issue is not problematic only for when the balance is displayed, but also when transfers are performed. Transferring amount from accountA to accountB could lead accountB to receive less amount.In the `vault.deposit()` function, the protocol receives less than expected, yet it still uses the `amount` for calculations. This results in inaccurate subsequent calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Vault.deposit()` function allows users to deposit tokens supported by the protocol, values them based on the baseToken, and mints LP tokens for the users according to their share. The protocol takes tokens from users using the `token.safeTransferFrom()` function, records the transferred amount, and estimates the deposit value with `depositValue = FullMath.mulDiv(amount, priceX96, Q96)`. It then calculates and mints LP tokens for users based on this estimated value. 
```solidity
   IERC20(tokens[i]).safeTransferFrom(
                msg.sender,
                address(this),
                amount
            );
            actualAmounts[i] = amount;
            depositValue += FullMath.mulDiv(amount, priceX96, Q96);


        }

        lpAmount = _processLpAmount(to, depositValue, totalValue, minLpAmount);

```

The issue here is that stETH has a known 1-2 wei corner case(https://docs.lido.fi/guides/lido-tokens-integration-guide/#1-2-wei-corner-case), where the amount received by the protocol through `token.safeTransferFrom()` may not exactly match the intended amount. However, the protocol still uses the amount for estimation and LP token calculation, leading to inaccurate results where users receive more LP tokens than they should.

## Impact
Users receive more LP tokens than they should.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L329-L338

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use the amount received before the transfer and after the transfer to check the actual amount received by the protocol. Then, use the actual received amount for the calculations.
