Shaggy Holographic Tuna

High

# ``Steth::transferfrom`` will transfer 1-2 wei less which will result in reverting of consequent functions because of not enough balance.

## Summary
``Steth::transferfrom`` will transfer 1-2 wei less which will result in reverting of consequent functions because of not enough balance.

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol always assumes that the amount of tokens received is equal to the amount of tokens transferred. This is not the case for rebasing tokens, such as ``stETH``, because internally they transfer shares which generally results in the received amount of tokens being lower than the requested one by a couple of wei because of rounding.

The probability of this issue appearing is very high as mentioned here: https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-dao/issues/442

In the ``DepositWrapper`` contract, ``deposit`` function is used to deposit specified tokens into the vault. One of the tokens is ``steth`` which is converted to ``wsteth`` before depositing.
```solidity
    function deposit(
        address to,
        address token,
        uint256 amount,
        uint256 minLpAmount,
        uint256 deadline
    ) external payable returns (uint256 lpAmount) {
        address wrapper = address(this);
        address sender = msg.sender;
        address[] memory tokens = vault.underlyingTokens();
        if (tokens.length != 1 || tokens[0] != wsteth)
            revert InvalidTokenList();
        if (amount == 0) revert InvalidAmount();
        if (token == steth) {
            IERC20(steth).safeTransferFrom(sender, wrapper, amount);
            amount = _stethToWsteth(amount);
...
```
``steth`` is then converted to ``wsteth`` here using the same ``amount``:
```solidity
    function _stethToWsteth(uint256 amount) private returns (uint256) {
        IERC20(steth).safeIncreaseAllowance(wsteth, amount);
        IWSteth(wsteth).wrap(amount);
        return IERC20(wsteth).balanceOf(address(this));
    }
```
The problem is if ``amount - 1/2 wei`` is passed to ``_stethToWsteth()`` function, it will revert due to insufficient funds as ``DepositWrapper`` contract doesn't hold any ``steth`` tokens.

## Impact
``deposit()`` function of ``DepositWrapper`` contract will revert resulting in all deposits reverting and contract functionality ``DoS``. Thus, the high severity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/utils/DepositWrapper.sol#L56-L57

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use the actual amount of tokens received instead of the amount specified as input. This can be done by implementing amount handling like for ``Fee on transfer`` tokens, which compares the balance before and after the transfer.
