Glamorous Boysenberry Wombat

Medium

# `Vault::_processLpAmount` can have price manipulation attack

## Summary
The attacker can manipulate the tvl inside the vault and thus manipulate the amount of tokens that would be minted

## Vulnerability Detail
`Vault::_processLpAmount` use `totalValue` to count `lpAmount`. `totalValue` originated from underlying token tvl, which uses ERC20 `balanceOf` function to count the vault balance of base and underlying tokens. User can send tokens to the vault to manipulate the `totalValue`, and thus the mint amount while/before depositing. As we have this formula while counting the tvl in `_calculateTvl` function, we can increase or decrease the net tvl by transferring either a positive amount token(`amounts[i]`) or a negative amount token(`negativeAmounts[i]`):
```solidity
amounts[i] -= negativeAmounts[i];
```

Imagine this:
The user deposits 20 tokens. Imagine the mint ratio is 1:1. So logically after depositing 20 tokens, the user wants to receive 20 minted tokens. But the attacker made a front run and transferred a positive amount tokens to the vault. It will increase the total value, which is used in the mint amount formula in the division. It means if the total value increases, the minted amount will decrease. So the user will receive not 20 minted tokens, but let's say 15 (numbers are random for example).

After that attacker sends negative amount token(which is debt tokens) to the vault, this will decrease the total value, and thus minted tokens will be again in a 1:1 ratio, so when the attacker deposit 20 tokens, he will be minted with 20 tokens

If the total cost of the attacker's transfer tokens is less than the profit he will receive from manipulation, it can be an issue 
Because in the end, we have situations with 40 tokens deposited, but the user has 15 tokens minted, an attacker has 20 tokens minted
Thus attacker can withdraw a bigger share of all tokens

## Impact
Can make users lose some mint tokens

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L360-L362
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L107

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not use ERC20 balanceOf function to count tvl