Glamorous Boysenberry Wombat

Medium

# `Vault::_processLpAmount` can have mint amount manipulation

## Summary
`Vault::_processLpAmount` can have mint amount manipulation  because of the add/remove modules with locked tvl

## Vulnerability Detail
Tvl is counted as the sum of all tokens from the vault's modules.

The admin can remove the module any time he wants by calling the removeTvlModule which has value locked. It means immediately after the module is removed, the total value of the vault will significantly decrease. it will increase substantially the minted amount for the next deposit. The same is true for the addition of the module. If admin adds a new module with tvl, the total value will increase, and the minted amount for the next deposit will decrease. So, the user can front run for example addition of the new module, deposit money before addition, receive a good amount of mint, and after the module is added, all next users will receive less minted tokens for the same deposit amount.
So after the new module is added, and the new other user will deposit and recive less minted tokens than attacker, the attacker can then withdraw. It leads to the case that the attacker will have more minted tokens than a new other user even though they deposited the same amount.

## Impact
Attacker can front-run module addition to receive more tokens and then withdraw more money

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L360-L362
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L227-L238
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L241-L246

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove tvl from module before removing it, or add modules with zero tvl