Silly Lava Manatee

High

# Oracle assumes 1=1 peg of stETH to ETH

## Summary
`WStethRatiosAggregatorV3` contract serves as an Oracle, providing the `latestRoundData` of the `wsteth` token. The problem is, that it assumes that 1 steth == 1 eth. Even though both tokens have a tendency to keep the peg, this hasn't been always the case as it can be seen in [[this charth](https://nomics.com/exchanges/curve-curve-finance-ethereum/markets/0xae7ab96520de3a18e5e111b5eaab095312d7fe84-0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee)](https://nomics.com/exchanges/curve-curve-finance-ethereum/markets/0xae7ab96520de3a18e5e111b5eaab095312d7fe84-0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee) or [[this dashboard](https://dune.com/LidoAnalytical/Curve-ETHstETH)](https://dune.com/LidoAnalytical/Curve-ETHstETH). There have been many episodes of market volatility that affected the price of stETH, notably the one in last June when stETH traded at ~0.93 ETH.

Let’s take a look on the `getAnswer` function.

```solidity
function getAnswer() public view returns (int256) {
        return int256(IWSteth(wsteth).getStETHByWstETH(10 ** decimals));
    }
```

This function is designed to estimate the current value in ETH of a single unit (1e18) of the underlying asset. In this implementation, the function queries the amount of stETH for one unit (1e18) of wstETH and returns that value, clearly indicating a conversion rate of 1 stETH to 1 ETH.

Similar issue could be found here → https://solodit.xyz/issues/h-06-wsteth-derivative-assumes-a-11-peg-of-steth-to-eth-code4rena-asymmetry-finance-asymmetry-contest-git

## Vulnerability Detail
    - If the market value of stETH deviates from ETH, this function might return an inaccurate estimate. For instance, if stETH is worth less than 1 ETH, the function will overestimate the value of wstETH.
    - Any financial calculation relying on `getAnswer ` will be incorrect if the peg assumption fails, potentially leading to mispricing, incorrect collateralization, or erroneous trading decisions.

```solidity
function getAnswer() public view returns (int256) {
        return int256(IWSteth(wsteth).getStETHByWstETH(10 ** decimals));
    }
```

## Impact
Incorrect prices could be returned

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/WStethRatiosAggregatorV3.sol#L15-L16

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Don’t assume stETH = ETH 1:1. Re-code the wsETH oracle. Use the chainlink oracle
