Beautiful Teal Kookaburra

Medium

# `RestrictingKeeper.processConfigurators` lacks access control

## Summary
Even though team is intended to keep it open access, the below issue flow impacts it.

Anyone can rollback the committed total supply maximum limit. When admin stages to increase the limit due to high inflow to Ethereum mainnet and LRT ecosystem, when the delay is going through after staging. The attacker will just backrun the stage by calling `processConfigurators` which will rollback the staged limit. So it is perpetual DOS and can never commit.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Admin calls [stageMaximalTotalSupply](https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/VaultConfigurator.sol#L200-L220), then waits for a delay to `commitMaximalTotalSupply`.
2. But anyone can call the below `processConfigurators` to rollback the staged max total supply limit. So its  DOS. Even though team tries to mitigate this by making base delay to 0, and total supply delay to zero, still they have to wait for base delay. And in that gap, this below action call will rollback them.

The only way to mitigate is by adding access control to `RestrictingKeeper` or revoking the `Admin` role.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/utils/RestrictingKeeper.sol#L14

```solidity
File: 2024-06-mellow/mellow-lrt/src/utils/RestrictingKeeper.sol

7:     function processConfigurators(
8:         VaultConfigurator[] memory configurators
9:     ) external {
10:         for (uint256 i = 0; i < configurators.length; i++) {
11:             VaultConfigurator configurator = configurators[i];
12:             configurator.rollbackStagedBaseDelay();
13:             configurator.rollbackStagedMaximalTotalSupplyDelay();
14:    >>>      configurator.rollbackStagedMaximalTotalSupply();
15:         }
16:     }

```

## Impact
Anyone can rollback the committed total supply maximum limit. When admin commits to increase the limit due to high inflow to Ethereum mainnet and LRT ecosystem, when the delay is going through after commit. The attacker will just backrun the commit by calling `processConfigurators` which will rollback the committed limit. So it is perpetual DOS.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/utils/RestrictingKeeper.sol#L14

https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/VaultConfigurator.sol#L200-L220

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add only admin or operator validation
