Suave Felt Fly

High

# [H-3] - DoS in `DefaultBondStrategy::processWithdrawals` function allows attacker to block withdrawals for all other users because of transfers in a loop.

## Summary

The `DefaultBondStrategy::processWithdrawals` takes an array of addresses as input. The function will calculate the balances of the `Vault` contract for the tokens that are withdrawn before calling the `Vault::processWithdrawals` function and passing the array of addresses to this function.

This function will check to see if the `user` has a valid `_withdrawalRequest` and if this request can be processed. If those checks pass, the contract will attempt to transfer the tokens to the `request.to` address by using the `safeTransfer` method.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue arises from the fact that a malicious actor can deposit ETH into the `Vault` from a smart contract, and initiate a withdrawal request by calling the `registerWithdrawal` function, setting the malicious contract as the receiver address in the `request.to` field.

The malicious contract can implement a `receive()` function that will always revert. In the case of ERC20 tokens, that won't be an issue, but Mellow Protocol is designed to work with native ETH too. This means that the `safeTransfer` from the `Vault::processWithdrawals` function will always revert in the case of native ETH, and because this is happening in a `for loop`, none of the users will be able to withdraw their funds from the protocol.

```solidity
    function processWithdrawals(address[] memory users) external nonReentrant returns (bool[] memory statuses) {
//..
//..
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < users.length; i++) {
//..
//..
            for (uint256 j = 0; j < s.tokens.length; j++) {
                s.erc20Balances[j] -= expectedAmounts[j];
//@audit | this will revert, and the whole `processWithdrawal` transaction will revert
@>                IERC20(s.tokens[j]).safeTransfer(request.to, expectedAmounts[j]);
            }
//..
//..
```

## Impact

A bad actor can block other users from claiming their native ETH.

## Code Snippet

Code where the transaction will revert [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L562)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding a withdrawal flow that allows each user to withdraw their own balance, instead of trying to process withdrawals in a batch.
