Beautiful Teal Kookaburra

Medium

# Chainlink oracle integration does not check for `minAnswer` and `maxAnswer` when retrieving the price

## Summary
Instead of reporting real price when huge pump/ dump, the oracle will return one of the `minAnswer` or `maxAnswer` which results in wrong TVL calculation, which impacts the share price of the LP token. So, when price goes close to zero, the oracle will report minAnswer instead of the real data. In that case, selling the lp tokens will be profitable. Even though process withdrawal can be stopped, if there are withdrawals that had been registered longer than the emergency delay, then it is feasible. So, burning tokens at these inflated TVL hurasts the current stakers. Like abad debt.

Wrong price report from the feed. 
> A real-life exploit caused by this vulnerability: https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/

> Previous issue : https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/18

## Vulnerability Detail

Chainlink Oracles will return the price of a given pair only if it is between `minAnswer` and `maxAnswer`. Otherwise, these two values will be used.

If the price of the pair drops below `minAnswer` or goes above `maxAnswer`, the feed will report one of these two values instead of the real one.

https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L62-L68

```solidity
File: 2024-06-mellow/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol

56:     function _validateAndGetPrice(
57:         AggregatorData memory data
58:     ) private view returns (uint256 answer, uint8 decimals) {
59:         if (data.aggregatorV3 == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
60:         (, int256 signedAnswer, , uint256 lastTimestamp, ) = IAggregatorV3(
61:             data.aggregatorV3
62:         ).latestRoundData();
63:         if (signedAnswer < 0) revert InvalidOracleData();
64:  >>>    answer = uint256(signedAnswer);
65:         if (block.timestamp - data.maxAge > lastTimestamp) revert StaleOracle();
66:         decimals = IAggregatorV3(data.aggregatorV3).decimals();
67:     }

```

## Impact
Intead of reporting real price when huge pump/ dump, the oracle will return one of the `minAnswer` or `maxAnswer` which results in wrong TVL calculation, which impacts the share price of the LP token. So, when price goes close to zero, the oracle will report minAnswer instead of the real data. In that case, selling the LP tokens will be profitable. Even though process withdrawal can be stopped, if tehre were withdrawals that had been registed longer than the emergency delay, then it is feasible. So, burning tokens at these inflated TVL hurts the current stakes. Like abad debt.

Wrong price report from the feed. A real-life exploit caused by this vulnerability: https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L62-L68

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
ChainlinkAdapterOracle should check the returned answer against the minPrice/maxPrice and revert if the answer is outside of the bounds:

```diff
 (, int256 answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) = registry.latestRoundData(
 token,
 USD
 );
    
+   if (answer >= maxPrice or answer <= minPrice) revert();
```