Pet Fleece Cottonmouth

High

# Array Indexing in acceptProposal

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
function acceptProposal(uint256 index) external onlyAcceptor {
    if (index <= latestAcceptedNonce || _proposals.length < index)
        revert Forbidden();
    Proposal memory proposal = _proposals[index - 1];
    proxyAdmin.upgradeAndCall(
        proxy,
        proposal.implementation,
        proposal.callData
    );
    latestAcceptedNonce = index;
    emit ProposalAccepted(index, tx.origin);
}
```
The line Proposal memory proposal = _proposals[index - 1]; accesses _proposals array with index - 1. If index is 0 or exceeds _proposals.length, it may lead to out-of-bounds access, causing the contract to revert unexpectedly.
- Proposal Creation:

Alice proposes multiple upgrades to the dApp by calling propose function with valid implementation addresses and call data.
The proposals are stored in the _proposals array.
- Accepting a Proposal:

Alice, acting as the acceptor, decides to accept a proposal by calling acceptProposal function with an index.
- Malicious Attack Attempt:

The Malicious Attacker monitors the blockchain and notices that Alice has proposed several upgrades.
The Attacker attempts to exploit the contract by calling acceptProposal with an invalid or out-of-bounds index.
- Array Index Out-of-Bounds:

The Malicious Attacker submits a transaction calling acceptProposal with index greater than _proposals.length.
Inside acceptProposal, the line Proposal memory proposal = _proposals[index - 1]; attempts to access _proposals at an invalid index.
Due to the out-of-bounds access, the Solidity runtime reverts the transaction.
- Contract Reverts Unexpectedly:

The transaction initiated by the Malicious Attacker fails, causing a revert on-chain.
Alice, expecting the proposal to be accepted, encounters an unexpected failure without clear feedback from the contract
## Impact
Disruption of Upgrade Process: The attempt by the Malicious Attacker disrupts the normal functioning of the AdminProxy contract.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/security/AdminProxy.sol#L135C1-L147C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Bounds Checking: Implement robust bounds checking in the acceptProposal function to ensure that index is within valid range before accessing _proposals[index - 1].
Error Handling: Use appropriate error handling mechanisms (revert with a clear error message) to inform users about invalid inputs or out-of-bounds accesses.