Crazy Satin Deer

Medium

# Deposit and Withdraw function can be Dos'd by tranfering 1 wei

## Summary
 Vault deposits and withdraw function  are vulnerable to DoS attacks when a discrepancy occurs between transferred and received wei. This can prevent legitimate users from depositing funds.
## Vulnerability Detail
lido has a issue where transferfrom will transfer 1 - 2 less wei, but this seems to be fine when transfering tokens in written tests.
main issues is in Vault contract which  relies on address(this).balance to determine the total supply of tokens. However, the transferFrom function in ERC20 tokens might transfer slightly less than the requested amount due to rounding or gas costs. This difference in wei units can cause the totalSupply to be inflated compared to the actual number of tokens held by the contract.
The vulnerability becomes critical when combined with a minimum deposit check (minLpAmount). A malicious actor can:


POC:
https://gist.github.com/karsar69/04aa9444ce768a95adeac3c554336c99
1. Deposit 1 wei.
2. Immediately transfer 2 wei or some tiny wei amount  using transferFrom.
3. This inflates the totalSupply by 1 wei due to the discrepancy.
Now, when a legitimate user attempts to deposit a significant amount (e.g., 20 ETH), the deposit check (lpAmount < minLpAmount) might fail because lpAmount will be slightly less than the expected value due to missing wei units. This results in a failed deposit and withdraw.



## Impact
dos of deposit and withdraw function 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L285-#L368
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L536-#L582

## Tool used
Manual Review ,foundry
## Recommendation
 by setting minLpAmount slightly lower by some weis of lpAmount