Stale Vinyl Woodpecker

Medium

# Inadequate staleness check for multiple oracles

## Summary

The `ChainlinkOracle.sol` contract uses a single `maxAge` parameter to check the staleness of price data for all tokens. This approach can be problematic as different tokens may require different data freshness thresholds based on their volatility and usage scenarios.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the current implementation of the `ChainlinkOracle.sol` contract, the staleness of price data is verified using a single `maxAge` parameter. This parameter is applied uniformly across all tokens to determine if the price data from the Chainlink oracle is outdated. However, different tokens can have varying levels of price volatility and different requirements for data freshness. Using a single `maxAge` parameter fails to accommodate these differences and may result in either too lenient or too strict staleness checks for some tokens.

The `_validateAndGetPrice` function currently uses a single `maxAge` parameter:

```solidity
    function _validateAndGetPrice(
        AggregatorData memory data
    ) private view returns (uint256 answer, uint8 decimals) {
        if (data.aggregatorV3 == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        (, int256 signedAnswer, , uint256 lastTimestamp, ) = IAggregatorV3(
            data.aggregatorV3
        ).latestRoundData();
        // The roundId and latestRound are not used in the validation process to ensure compatibility
        // with various custom aggregator implementations that may handle these parameters differently
        if (signedAnswer < 0) revert InvalidOracleData();
        answer = uint256(signedAnswer);
        if (block.timestamp - data.maxAge > lastTimestamp) revert StaleOracle();
        decimals = IAggregatorV3(data.aggregatorV3).decimals();
    }
```

## Impact

Tokens with high volatility may use outdated price data if the `maxAge` is set too high. Tokens with stable prices may cause unnecessary transaction failures if the `maxAge` is set too low.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L56-L69

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a per-token `maxAge` parameter to handle the staleness check for each token individually.
