Creamy Malachite Condor

Medium

# Token can be removed even if it's TVL / vault amount is not 0

## Summary
A token with an existing balance can be removed, causing its balance to get stuck in the vault. This could disrupt the shares of our vault and the debt of custom modules.

## Vulnerability Detail
When removing a token using [removeToken](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L205), the function checks if the vault still owns some tokens and reverts if it does.

```solidity
for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
    if (tokens[i] == token) {
        if (amounts[i] != 0) revert NonZeroValue();
        index = i;
        break;
    }
}
```

However, it doesn't consider that the token amounts are actually `amounts - negativeAmounts`, where `negativeAmounts` is debt returned from custom modules. This is seen in the call to `_calculateTvl` ([underlyingTvl](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L112-L119) -> [_calculateTvl](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L105-L108)). If `amounts == negativeAmounts` for a token, it is possible to remove it.

```solidity
for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
    if (amounts[i] < negativeAmounts[i]) revert InvalidState();
    amounts[i] -= negativeAmounts[i];
}
```

Although it's unlikely that `amounts` will match `negativeAmounts`, consider:
1. Users can always withdraw, reducing the `amounts` variable.
2. Admins may increase `negativeAmounts` for borrowing from the vault, slashings, negative yield on some tokens, or other any other reason for that matter.

With these in mind, a scenario could arise where token X's `negativeAmounts` is close to the `amounts`, and user withdrawals make it possible to remove the token.

## Impact
Internal accounting could be disrupted, potentially bricking the vaults.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
for (uint256 j = 0; j < tokens.length; j++) {
    if (token != tokens[j]) continue;
    (data.isDebt ? negativeAmounts : amounts)[j] += amount;
    break;
}
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
If you plan to disable token removal when there are balances in the contract, consider the real balances and not just the result of `balances - debt`.