Mythical Porcelain Swan

Medium

# Potential Token Removal Blockade via Malicious Deposit in `Vault` Contract

## Summary
A vulnerability exists in the `removeToken` function of the `Vault` contract, where a malicious user can indefinitely block the removal of an underlying token by depositing a small amount of the token. This flaw can prevent administrators from managing the underlying tokens as intended, potentially impacting the protocol's flexibility and functionality.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `removeToken` function in the `Vault` contract includes a check to ensure that the token being removed has a zero balance within the vault before it can be removed. Specifically, the following code snippet is responsible for this check:

```solidity
for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
    if (tokens[i] == token) {
        if (amounts[i] != 0) revert NonZeroValue();
        index = i;
        break;
    }
}
```
Here, the function iterates through the list of underlying tokens and reverts the transaction with a `NonZeroValue` error if the balance of the token is not zero. This means that if any amount of the token is present in the vault, even a minimal amount, the token cannot be removed.

A malicious user can exploit this by depositing a trivial amount of the token, ensuring that the balance is always non-zero. Consequently, the token removal functionality can be effectively blocked.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant as it allows any user to prevent the removal of underlying tokens from the vault. This can lead to administrative inefficiencies, where the protocol's administrators are unable to manage or replace tokens as needed.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L212
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing a mechanism that allows administrators to forcibly remove tokens, potentially with appropriate checks and balances to prevent misuse. For example, an additional function could be added to enable emergency removal of tokens, overriding the zero balance check if certain conditions are met. Alternatively, a delay or multi-signature approval process for token removal could be introduced to ensure that such actions are intentional and verified