Creamy Malachite Condor

High

# X96 ratios can change if one of the bonds reaches it's limit

## Summary
Vault ratios can change if the max cap on any of the bonds is reached. Reaching such a cap will mess up the vault share value, as on deposits users are minted shares, but the tokens they send will sit in the vault.

## Vulnerability Detail
Vaults can assign ratios to their tokens, where the Vault holds its tokens in proportion to its ratio. For example, if the ratio is `25% : 25% : 50%` for `eETH : stETH : wstETH` respectively, then the Vault can hold 250 eETH, 250 stETH, and 500 wstETH. 

The issue here is that bonds have a max cap on deposits, where after this cap, no more assets can be deposited. This can be seen inside a [bond contract](https://etherscan.deth.net/address/0xB56dA788Aa93Ed50F50e0d38641519FfB3C3D1Eb), and it is also accounted for inside our [DefaultBondModule](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/modules/symbiotic/DefaultBondModule.sol#L16-L19).

```solidity
amount = Math.min(
    amount,
    IDefaultBond(bond).limit() - IBond(bond).totalSupply()
);
```

When this cap is reached, the shares for this specific token will remain the same, while the other bonds continue increasing in value, changing the ratio of the vault. 

On top of that this will also cause a decrease in the vault's share value. On deposit, users will receive their full LP shares from the vault (the vault doesn't account for the bond max limit), increasing the `totalSupply`, but the [underlyingTvl](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L303-L305) for that specific token will remain at the cap. This will grow `totalSupply` disproportionately to `underlyingTvl`, causing more shares to be minted.

## Impact
Vault ratios are disrupted.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
amount = Math.min(
    amount,
    IDefaultBond(bond).limit() - IBond(bond).totalSupply()
);
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Revert the deposit call if one of the bonds reaches its cap.