Beautiful Teal Kookaburra

Medium

# Users can front-run the price increase of supported LSTs/LRTs (stETH) tokens in order to capture MEV value.

## Summary
Issue is minting the token when staking them is. The `tvl()` call  determinig the LP price is vulnerable here.

**Root cause**: lacking deposit queue of minting the LP tokens in exchange of staking the token. Imagine if deposit queue is there, the MEV bots can never extract the value because the share price calculation is done when minting but not while deposit request. So minting 1 block after the deposit request will eliminate this issue.

**Similar Isuue** : https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-napier-update-judging/issues/66
**Likelihood** : easy : https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-napier-update-judging/issues/66#issuecomment-2139602846

## Vulnerability Detail
stETH is subject to an instant increase in their shares value (or shares balance), mainly due to beacon chain validator rewards.

Mellow vaults allow users to deposit ETH  -> wstETH in the protocol in exchange for LP tokens instantly, without being subject to a deposit queue. This allows an attacker to frontrun a price/balance increase by doing the following:

1. Monitor the supported LSTs/LRTs protocols and the beacon chain for an imminent share price/balance increase.
2. Frontrun the share price/balance increase by depositing ETH in the relative LST/LRT vault via `vault.deposit` or through `swapper` util to convert ETH into wstETH and then `vault.deposit` which will deposit those into the bond/strategy depending on that vault, in exchange for LP token minted on L407 below.
3. Wait for the share price increase to take effect, which will increase the TVL of the vault, the stETH value in oracle will increase its price so is its TVL and the LP token price also increase. 
4. Then backrun and register a withdrawal to complete this MEV value extraction of LP share price change.

This allows an attacker to capture profit while being subject to the risks of staking for only a few hours till processing the withdrawal requests.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L338

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L367
```solidity
2024-06-mellow/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol


309:     function deposit(
310:         address to,
314:     )
319:     {
320:         if (configurator.isDepositLocked()) revert Forbidden();
... SNIP ...
373: 
374:  >>>    lpAmount = _processLpAmount(to, depositValue, totalValue, minLpAmount);
375:         emit Deposit(to, actualAmounts, lpAmount);
376:         address callback = configurator.depositCallback();
377:         if (callback == address(0)) return (actualAmounts, lpAmount);
378:  >>>    IDepositCallback(callback).depositCallback(actualAmounts, lpAmount);
379:         emit DepositCallback(callback, actualAmounts, lpAmount);
380:     }
381: 

386:     function _processLpAmount(
387:         address to,
... SNIP ...
390:         uint256 minLpAmount
391:     ) private returns (uint256 lpAmount) {
... SNIP ...
404: 
405:         if (lpAmount + totalSupply > configurator.maximalTotalSupply())
406:             revert LimitOverflow();
407:   >>>   _mint(to, lpAmount);
408:     }

```


## Impact
An attacker can frontrun an price/balance increase of a supported LSD/LRT token (stETH) in order to capture value, which translates into honest stakers earning less yeild than they should.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L338

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L367

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a deposit queue with delay like register withdrawal and process withdrawal, this prevents an attacker from frontrunning price increases for profit.

