Raspy Holographic Liger

Medium

# Emergency Withdraw Does Not Check TokenHash

## Summary
Emergency withdraw does not check that request.tokenHash == s.tokenHash, which could result in a user receiving unintended amounts of tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
Unlike regular withdrawals, `emergencyWithdraw` does not check that `request.tokenHash == s.tokenHash`. 

```solidity
function analyzeRequest(
        ProcessWithdrawalsStack memory s,
        WithdrawalRequest memory request
    ) public pure returns (bool, bool, uint256[] memory expectedAmounts) {
        uint256 lpAmount = request.lpAmount;
        if (
            request.tokensHash != s.tokensHash || request.deadline < s.timestamp
        ) return (false, false, expectedAmounts); //@audit only checked during regular processWithdraw
	...
}
```

Therefore, the list of underlying tokens could be changed by admin between the time when the withdraw request was made and when emergency withdraw was called. 

Consider this scenario:
1) Alice requests a withdraw with token set [tokenA, tokenB]. 
2) Then before emergencyWithdrawal is called, admin adds tokenC to the set. There is currently zero balances of tokenC in the contract. 
3) Alice calls emergencyWithdraw passing minAmounts as [10, 10]. This reverts as the minAmounts length does not match `tokens.length`. 
4) Confused, Alice then passes [0, 0, 0] as minAmounts. This transaction goes through. However, because tokenC was added and the ratios of tokenA and B were reduced, Alice receives lesser than expected tokenA and B, and zero tokens C. 
## Impact
User could receive an unintended amount of tokens and potentially lose funds. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L371
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Similar to processWithdrawals, check that request's tokenHash is the same as the state's tokenHash before allowing the withdrawal to pass.