Silly Lava Manatee

Medium

# Incorrect convertAndDeposit implementation.

## Summary
The logic in the StakingModule.sol in the `convertAndDeposit` function is not fully correct and i highly recommend to make a couple of improvements. 

Let’s take a look on this peace of the code

```solidity
 uint256 unfinalizedStETH = withdrawalQueue.unfinalizedStETH(); //e: Returns the amount of stETH in the queue yet to be finalized and claimed consequently
        uint256 bufferedEther = ISteth(steth).getBufferedEther(); //e: Returns the amount of ether temporarily buffered on the contract's balance. (goes into buffer once submitted!)
        if (bufferedEther < unfinalizedStETH)
            revert InvalidWithdrawalQueueState();//e: isn’t enough buffered Ether to cover the unfinalized withdrawals of stETH.

        _wethToWSteth(amount);
        
        depositSecurityModule.depositBufferedEther(
            blockNumber,
            blockHash,
            depositRoot,
            stakingModuleId,
            nonce,
            depositCalldata,
            sortedGuardianSignatures
        );
```

- `unfinalizedStETH` is the amount of stETH that wait to be withdrawn from the Lido
- `getBufferedEther` is the amount of stETH that wait to be deposited into the Lido.

“If the amount wait to be withdrawn is more than amount wait to be deposited” → revert.

the `depositBufferedEther` is a permissionless function that processes the Ether that has been accumulated in the buffer.

The main point here is that this check is done before the ETH deposit into the Lido, thus it could prevent the user from receiving stETH/depositing ETH respectively, because it wouldn’t account for the deposit that is intended to be made via the `convertAndDeposit` function. So, the state is out-of-date, which doesn’t account for the new deposited amount.

```solidity
if (bufferedEther < unfinalizedStETH)
            revert InvalidWithdrawalQueueState();
```

## Vulnerability Detail
Assume the user wants to deposit huge amount of ETH into the Lido, which would result in bufferedEther > unfinalizedStETH and everything could be done without a problem. But since the check is done before the deposit, this could create an uncomfortable/undesirable situation for the user who would like to deposit the huge amount of ETH. 

- unfinalizedStETH = 10 ETH
- bufferedEther = 5 ETH

For now it is not valid state.

- User deposit 10 ETH → the state becomes:
    
     bufferedEther = 15 ETH
    
     unfinalizedStETH = 10 ETH
    
    But, due to current implementation the user couldn’t even try to make a deposit. It is incorrect because it doesn’t account for the current deposit, that could happens, so the information is out-of-date.

## Impact
The user could be prevented from depositing ETH into the Lido.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/modules/obol/StakingModule.sol#L48-L74

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I would highly recommend to allow the user to deposit the funds first, and only then make a check which could provide a to-date information related to the Lido ETH state, which could account the current ETH deposited. And if it is still will not be enough, simply revert the function.

Additionally, i would propose to use `getDepositableEther` method, provided directly from the Lido.

```solidity
function getDepositableEther() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 bufferedEther = _getBufferedEther();
        uint256 withdrawalReserve = _withdrawalQueue().unfinalizedStETH();
        return bufferedEther > withdrawalReserve ? bufferedEther - withdrawalReserve : 0;
    }
```
