Uneven Mango Ferret

Medium

# Inconsistent Handling of Chainlink Oracle Data Leads to Potential Denial of Service (DoS)

## Summary
PriceX96 function can result in DOS from the current implementation of the setChainlinkOracles function in the contract can lead to a situation where the mapping _aggregatorsData contains entries with aggregatorV3 set to address(0). This inconsistency can cause the priceX96 function to revert, leading to a Denial of Service (DoS) when fetching the price of a token with an invalid aggregator address.
## Vulnerability Detail
The setChainlinkOracles function is responsible for setting the Chainlink oracle data for tokens in the vault. The function uses two loops to validate and set the oracle data:

The first loop validates each AggregatorData entry but skips entries where aggregatorV3 is address(0).
The second loop adds all entries to the _aggregatorsData mapping, including those with aggregatorV3 as address(0).
This inconsistency can result in the mapping containing entries with aggregatorV3 as address(0). When the priceX96 function is called for a token with such an entry, it eventually calls _validateAndGetPrice, which will revert due to the invalid aggregator address, causing a DoS.
## Impact
Denial of Service (DoS): The presence of entries with aggregatorV3 set to address(0) in the _aggregatorsData mapping can cause the priceX96 function to revert, leading to a DoS.
Incorrect Price Fetching: Users attempting to fetch the price of tokens with invalid aggregator addresses will face transaction reverts, disrupting normal contract operations.
Potential Exploitation: Malicious actors could intentionally add invalid oracle data to disrupt the system.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L323
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L59
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L80

```solidity 
 /// @inheritdoc IPriceOracle
    function priceX96(
        address vault,
        address token
    ) external view returns (uint256 priceX96_) {
        if (vault == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        if (token == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        address baseToken = baseTokens[vault];
        if (baseToken == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        if (token == baseToken) return Q96;
        (uint256 tokenPrice, uint8 decimals) = getPrice(vault, token);
        (uint256 baseTokenPrice, uint8 baseDecimals) = getPrice(
            vault,
            baseToken
        );
        priceX96_ = FullMath.mulDiv(
            tokenPrice * 10 ** baseDecimals,
            Q96,
            baseTokenPrice * 10 ** decimals
        );
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consistency in Validation and Setting: Ensure that the same validation checks are applied in both loops to prevent adding invalid entries to the mapping.