Pet Fleece Cottonmouth

High

# Array Indexing and Manipulation

## Summary
The indexing (n - 1 - i and n - i) should be carefully managed to ensure they do not result in negative values or exceed the bounds of the array. Solidity does not handle negative array indices, which could lead to unexpected behavior or memory corruption if not properly controlled.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
uint256 n = tokens.length;
uint256 index = 0;
for (uint256 i = 1; i < n; i++) {
    address token_ = tokens[n - 1 - i];
    if (token_ < token) {
        index = n - i;
        break;
    }
    tokens[n - i] = token_;
}
tokens[index] = token;
```
- Out-of-Bounds Access: If the loop condition (i < n) is not properly checked or managed, it could lead to accessing tokens array out of its bounds (tokens[n - 1 - i] could result in negative indices or indices exceeding array length). This can cause runtime errors or unexpected behavior.

- Unintended Overwrites: Incorrect manipulation of indices (n - 1 - i and n - i) or improper handling of conditions (token_ < token) might lead to unintended overwrites of array elements or incorrect sorting, especially if the comparison logic (token_ < token) does not accurately reflect the desired order.
## Impact
- Denial of Service (DoS): An attacker could craft tokens that, when added in specific sequences, cause the function to enter into unintended states (e.g., infinite loops due to incorrect indexing) or consume excessive gas, leading to DoS attacks.

- Manipulation of Sorted Order: By manipulating tokens' order or types added to the contract, an attacker could disrupt the expected sorted order maintained by the addToken function. This could affect subsequent operations that rely on the sorted order, such as balance calculations or token management.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/26aa0445ec405a4ad637bddeeedec4efe1eba8d2/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol#L189C9-L199C10
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Bounds Checking: Always ensure that array indices (n - 1 - i and n - i) are within valid bounds (n > i > 0) before accessing or manipulating array elements.