Square Mint Ape

Medium

# Corrupted oracle system if more than 2 underlying tokens are used and one of them is WSTETH

## Summary

The `priceX96()` function always enforces a cross-oracle price check, even when a direct price feed is provided by Chainlink.

## Vulnerability Detail

There is no option to use direct price feeds like RETH/ETH or USDC/ETH without an extra step using `ConstantAggregatorV3` or another Chainlink price feed. The cross-oracle price check is required for WSTETH/STETH and then STETH/ETH price check but should not be enforced for every underlying token used in the protocol.

The current system works with only one underlying token, WSTETH, but with the introduction of, for example, rETH as a second underlying token, there is no option to correctly configure the current Oracle system for both tokens to be denominated in the same base token.

In such a scenario, if ETH is used as the base token, the price feed for stETH/ETH needs to be used, or `ConstantAggregatorV3` with a constant 10**18, which will lead to price corruption and indicate that 1 stETH = 1 ETH.

## Impact

There is no possibility to use the current oracle system and its `priceX96()` function correctly if there is more than one underlying token and one of those tokens is WSTETH.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L89-L98
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/WStethRatiosAggregatorV3.sol#L16
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-mellow/blob/main/mellow-lrt/src/oracles/ConstantAggregatorV3.sol#L20

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There should be two different options to acquire the price for a token: direct and cross-oracle. The system should be flexible to use them in parallel. A good example is Euler with its [Base](https://github.com/euler-xyz/euler-price-oracle/blob/master/src/adapter/BaseAdapter.sol) and [Cross](https://github.com/euler-xyz/euler-price-oracle/blob/master/src/adapter/CrossAdapter.sol) adapters.