Beautiful Teal Kookaburra

High

# Computing `actualAmounts` via target ratios based on token amounts is wrong.

## Summary
Instead, it should be done based on the token amount's value. Properly rebalancing the vault according to the target ratios can only be done in the recommended way. Withdrawal ratios include the price calculation with ratios `ratiox96values` which should also be done to depositing `expected amounts`.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are 2 issues in this type of `ratio accounting on token amounts`, 1. price impact, 2. token decimals compatability.

But first let's see how perfect the withdrawal accounting is

1. currently there is a vault with 100 wstETH with 100e18 LP supply. And a user deposits 3 wstETH.
2. A new lst gets added as underlying , ex: ezETH. And now target ratios is 50-50. And user deposits 2 wstETH and 2 ezETH. Currently wstETH is 1.18 ETH and 1ezETH is 1.05 ETH price.
3. But, after a while and multiple deposits from others, he tries to withdraw his stake by burning all LP. So he should get 5 wsETH and 2 ezETH value worth 7.95 ETH.
4. But with current ratio at 50-50% target ratio and bit skewed prices, the calculation comes out as [3.58 wstETH, 3.58 ezETH] at their lp value worth 7.95 ETH.

So, the withdrawing amounts are correctly accounted according to target ratios, due to total lp value being distributed in ratios. But below examples in deposit shows, rebalancing deposited amounts towards target ratios is wrong.

1. Diff voltile prices of underlying tokens.
- Imagine a vault with wstETH and rETH with the same prices where each is 1.18x of ETH price. And vault is at 50-50 target ratios due to same prices when vault starts. 
- But suddenly next day, there were many slashings of rETH and also rETH in lending pools accrued bad debt, whatever event that might cause a >3% price dip. 
- Now a user comes with [1 wstETH, 1rETH] as amounts, as it is aligned with correct 50-50 target ratios, the expected amounts will also be [1 wstETH, 1rETH]. 
- But 50-50 target ratio means in TVL value, with a 5% dip the expected amounts should have been [0.95 wstETH, 1 rETH] and remaining  0.05 wstETH should be sent back. 
- This is how you balance the vault according to the target ratios. But following token amount-based instead of value-based accounting will disbalance the vault and the target ratio cannot be matched. 
- The impact will rise if the volume of deposits are even high. This leads to going against the risk parameters set in the vault.

2. Different token decimals.
- Imagine a vault where one underlying token is wstETH with 18 decimals and another token with 6 decimals  at 50-50 target ratios is deposited as underlying, then the whole accounting is error-prone. 
- Imagine, the quote price is based on ETH value., To represent 1 ETH value in wstETH its 1e18, but for 6 decimals token its 1e6.
- Now a vault with 50% 18 decimal token A, and 50% token B with 6 decimals are used. And both are similar prices close to  1 ETH. So a user comes with 2 ETH worth of value abd 50% in each (1 wstETH and 1e6 of token B). 
- Now look at line 337 and line 352 below. The actual amounts that gets pulled will be [1e6, 1e6] instead of [1e18, 1e6]. 
- The ratios accounting is done on amounts but not on token values based on price and decimals.

https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/Vault.sol#L364-L409

```solidity
2024-06-mellow/mellow-lrt/src/Vault.sol

309:     function deposit(
... SNIP ...
319:     {
... SNIP ...
333: 
334:         uint256 ratioX96 = type(uint256).max;
335:         for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
336:             if (ratiosX96[i] == 0) continue; 
337:    >>>      uint256 ratioX96_ = FullMath.mulDiv(amounts[i], Q96, ratiosX96[i]);
338:             if (ratioX96_ < ratioX96) ratioX96 = ratioX96_;
339:         }
340:         if (ratioX96 == 0) revert ValueZero();
... SNIP ...
346:         for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokens.length; i++) {
347:             uint256 priceX96 = priceOracle.priceX96(address(this), tokens[i]);
348:             totalValue += totalAmounts[i] == 0
349:                 ? 0
350:                 : FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(totalAmounts[i], priceX96, Q96);
351:             if (ratiosX96[i] == 0) continue;
352:    >>>      uint256 amount = FullMath.mulDiv(ratioX96, ratiosX96[i], Q96);
353:             IERC20(tokens[i]).safeTransferFrom( 
354:                 msg.sender,
355:                 address(this),
356:                 amount
357:             );
358:             actualAmounts[i] = amount;
359:             depositValue += FullMath.mulDiv(amount, priceX96, Q96);
360:         }
... SNIP ...
368:     }

```

## Impact
Following token amount-based ratio accounting instead of value-based accounting will disbalance the vault and the target ratio cannot be matched. The impact will rise if the volume of deposits are even high and vault with >= 2 volatile underlying token. This leads to going against the risk parameters set in the vault. Also tokens with != 18 decimals will get wrongly impacted in accounting, though token being low decimals has low likelihood.

Likelihood : medium because, token should be volatile and should have mutiple underlying tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/mellow-finance/mellow-lrt/blob/35b83a9e2a099e47ec99fc17acb1e653a70810ae/src/Vault.sol#L364-L409

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do value-based target ratio accounting, not amounts-based. Properly rebalancing the vault according to the target ratios can only be done the recommended way.